feat(evm): ERC20 contract for off-chain native tokens (#1855)
iotaledger/wasp: documentation/docs/guide/core_concepts/core_contracts/evm.md

- `t` (`string`): The ticker symbol
- `d` (`uint8`): The token decimals

### `registerERC20NativeTokenOnChain`

Registers an ERC20 contract to act as a proxy for the native tokens **on another
chain**.

> The foundry must be controlled by the chain. Only the foundry owner can call

Reviewer: Is there a way to transfer the ownership of a foundry easily for L1 to a SC chain? Have we ever tried this?

Author: No idea. But even if it's possible:
1. we would have to implement that feature in the VM
2. it feels "wrong" to have to transfer ownership of the foundry just to register it on another chain

Reviewer 2: that does not work, the chain would need to support the control of other aliases

Reviewer: > No idea. But even if it's possible:
> 
> 1. we would have to implement that feature in the VM
> 2. it feels "wrong" to have to transfer ownership of the foundry just to register it on another chain

I agree it's wrong to do that for just this feature, it might however be useful at one point in time to transfer management including minting and burning permissions of a native asset to a chain. Not a high priority though and we likely should just accept that as the limitation of non-chain managed native assets and instead have people migrate to chain managed tokens instead if that occurs.

this endpoint.

After a few minutes, call
[`getERC20ExternalNativeTokensAddress`](#geterc20externalnativetokensaddress)
on the **target chain** to find out the address of the ERC20 contract.

#### Parameters

> - `fs` (`uint32`): The foundry serial number

Reviewer: Should this be Foundry ID instead of serial number? I thought the serial number was just a integer in combination with the controlling alias per the TIP: https://github.com/iotaledger/tips/blob/main/tips/TIP-0018/tip-0018.md#foundry-output

Author: The foundry ID is calculated as: `alias address + serial number + token scheme type`

The `alias address` is known; it is the same as the chain ID of the chain that receives this call.

The `token scheme type` is assumed to be `SimpleTokenScheme`.

So, the only unknown bit is the `serial number`. That's why it is received as a parameter. We could receive the Fondry ID but it would be redundant.

- `n` (`string`): The token name
- `t` (`string`): The ticker symbol
- `d` (`uint8`): The token decimals
- `A` (`uint8`): The target chain address, where the ERC20 contract will be
  registered.

### `registerERC20ExternalNativeToken`

Registers an ERC20 contract to act as a proxy for the native tokens.

> Only an alias address can call this endpoint. End users should call

Author: Firstly, on L1 a foundry can only be controlled by an alias address. The only implementation of an alias address I know is an ISC Chain. So, the only way an end-user has to create a new fondry is by "asking" an ISC chain to do so.

So, let's say we have two chains, A and B.
1. Alice creates a new foundry on chain A, and wants it to be available on chain B as ERC20.
2. Alice then calls `registerERC20NativeTokenOnChain` on chain A with `targetChain = B`
3. Chain A calls `registerERC20ExternalNativeToken` on chain B (this is probably our first real application of an inter-chain call?). This is an async operation since it is an on-ledger request.
4. Alice must wait a few minutes and then call `getERC20ExternalNativeTokensAddress` on chain B, in order to find out the new ERC20 address.

I don't know of another way to create a foundry. If there is, then probably step 1 can be replaced with that.

[`registerERC20NativeTokenOnChain`](#registererc20nativetokenonchain)
on the chain that controls the foundry.

#### Parameters

> - `fs` (`uint32`): The foundry serial number

Reviewer: Same question as above :)

- `t` (`string`): The ticker symbol
- `d` (`uint8`): The token decimals

### `registerERC20NativeTokenOnRemoteChain`

> Registers an ERC20 contract to act as a proxy for the native tokens **on another
> chain**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Registers an ERC20 contract to act as a proxy for the native tokens **created by another
chain**.
```

Author: No, the foundry is created by this chain, and the purpose of this endpoint is to register the token on some other chain. This is explained in the paragraph below.

I agree it is confusing though. Accepting ideas to make it clearer.
